release: prepare for release 0.5.0-rc1 (#393)
bottlerocket-os/twoliter: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

[unreleased]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/twoliter/compare/v0.5.0...HEAD

## [0.5.0] - 2024-10-10

### Added

- Use bundled `krane` for OCI repository support ([#387])

### Changed

> - Increment kit metadata version. This makes this version of Twoliter incompatible with kits built
>   from older versions of Twoliter, and older versions of Twoliter incompatible with kits built from
>   this version. ([#387])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make  this version of Twoliter incompatible with kits built
  from older versions of Twoliter, and older versions of Twoliter incompatible with kits built from
  this version. ([#387])
```
